Update to wallet recovery in the Savings Guide (#995)
BitcoinDesign/Guide: guide/savings-wallet.md

{% include image-gallery.html pages = page.images_send_manual %}

### Wallet Recovery and Key Replacement

> Restoring a bitcoin wallet or replacing keys may be necessary for various reasons. The user may have lost their mobile or signing device, or they might have lost access to their backup cloud account. Regardless of the reason, wallet applications must offer a straightforward recovery option for users to regain access to their funds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Restoring a bitcoin wallet or replacing keys may be necessary for various reasons. The user may have lost their mobile phone, signing device, or access to their cloud account backup. Regardless of the reason, wallet applications must offer a straightforward recovery option for users to regain access to their funds.
```

Here are different scenarios where users may lose access to their wallet or keys and potential methods to resolve the problem:

> #### The user loses their mobile device

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### The user lost their mobile device
```

At some point, users are likely to either lose their mobile device, purchase a new one, or delete the wallet app.

For them to recover their wallet again, they would need the following:

> 1. Remember the sign-in details of the cloud account that contains the backup key 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The sign-in details of the cloud account that contains the backup key 
```

> 2. Remember the PIN they created on the wallet set up to decrypt the cloud key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The PIN they created when setting up the wallet, to decrypt the cloud key
```

> 3. Have access to their signing device

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Access to their signing device
```

They can use their PIN to unlock the cloud key and, with the help of the signing device, recover their wallet. If the user loses any 1 of these 3 things, they will not be able to recover their wallet again. 

#### The user loses their signing device

It is less likely, but possible, that a user may misplace or lose their signing device, for example, in the event of a fire.

In these cases, they would need to have access to the following:
1. The mobile device that set up the wallet
2. The recovery key held by the auto-signer

With these 2 things in place, they can simply rotate in a new key. However, if the user lost their mobile device as well, they would not be able to access their wallet again. [View prototype](https://www.figma.com/proto/hwispqET5MzsKUpn3i9iqD/Savings-account-case-study?page-id=1%3A55973&node-id=15%3A59302&viewport=-304%2C225%2C0.19710054993629456&scaling=scale-down&starting-point-node-id=1%3A56799&show-proto-sidebar=1).

{% include image-gallery.html pages = page.images_recovery %}

> #### The user loses access to their cloud account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### The user lost access to their cloud account
```
